We're gonna move right
into another exercise.
This one's on workspaces.
Again, we'll take like 15 minutes to
work on it or, but I'll be here for
any questions that people have.
So, the idea here,
there's full instructions.
So you'll want and let me go
through the instructions live and
then you all can try it.
So the idea here is I'm
gonna go to my node app,
which is running this local thing.
I'm going to kill it for now.
And then what we have let me open
my finder to my Dev Tools repo.
So we have this workspace folder here, and
this just very simply has an HTML,
JavaScript and CSS file.
And so we want to do two things.
One, I wanna open the index.html
file with Google Chrome.
So I right clicked on it and clicked open.
And that you can see it's
opening like a file, not a HTTP.
So it's opening this file and it should
look like this, this little to do list.
And then the second thing we'll wanna do
is we'll want to open up the Dev tools,
inspect here, go to sources.
And again, these are all
written down step by step here.
So we want to go to source and then I'll
go back to my finder my file system.
I'll grab this whole
workspace folder here.
And I'm just gonna drag
it on to the sources, and
it should change into this thing.
And so the two things we're doing are one,
we're opening the index file in Chrome,
and then we're dragging our source
code for it onto the sources tab.
And that should prompt this little
warning up at the top saying hey,
Dev Tools wants to access
your local file system.
Is that what you really want?
And we'll say yes allow.
And when those steps are done, you should
see that the workspace is synced by over
here in the left, you should see these
little green icons next to each one.
So again, so kill the current node app.
Go to your sources panel,
go to your Windows Explorer or
your finder if you're on Mac and get
the project and open its index.html and
then go back a level and
grab the whole workspace folder and
drag it into the sources panel
here should prompt you with this.
Do you want to allow you say yes and then
you should see these things all green.
And if you have any questions,
let me know when it is set up.
I have a couple of little things these
little To Do List tasks that you can do
and what you should be able to see.
For example,
if I go into my style.CSS, and
at the same time I go into my Real ID,
and I open my workspace style.CSS.
So these are the same file wrapper you can
see, I should be able to make a change
here, like height 100 pixels and
then hit Command S to save or Ctrl S and
then go back here and actually see the
real file has changed on my file system.
That's what we're going for there.
So again, the setup is kind of
the part that I really want you to get
the experience with.
So, yeah, opening that new file,
then taking the folder and dragging
it into the Sources tab, and if you
want to play around with the exercises,
awesome, but the setup and getting it
to actually persist is the big thing.
>> Can we save the changes in
Sources panel html.css.javascript?
Sometimes it doesn't work.
>> Yeah, so if it's sinking,
like if it's green, and
it says that it's linked,
then it should absolutely work.
But yes, sometimes they can get into,
I've seen him get into a weird
state before I used to be
a lot more problematic.
So, if you run into any problems, what
I would do is I would on the left here,
go to the File System tab.
Then I would right click on the folder and
remove it from the workspace entirely.
Say Yes, I'd like to get rid of it and
then I would just start over again just
take the thing and drag it back in here,
click Allow over here and
it should go all all green like that.
So you can see here I got into a weird
state because I had an existing at it.
Saved when I deleted it and
grabbed it all over again.
And so again,
like I would just go in here, remove it.
Okay close this out so it's not still with
active changes, drag it back in here.
Allow, and now they're all green again so
if they're green they're persisting.